Dev: mavlink interface gets RC input page (#6592)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: dev/source/docs/mavlink-rcinput.rst

.. _mavlink-rcinput:

==========================
RC Input (aka Pilot Input)
==========================

Traditionally the pilot's manual input via an RC transmitter is sent to the autopilot via a separate wireless link but it can alternatively be sent via MAVLink.  This page describes the messages that can be used and gives advice on some potential issues

> For reference here are some user focused RC related wiki pages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For reference here are some user focused RC related wiki pages:
```

Author: added :, thanks!

RC input via MAVlink typically results in a laggy response caused by telemetry system lag and/or bandwidth limitations (these messages normally share bandwidth with other MAVLink messages passed between GCS and the vehicle)

The Pilot's RC inputs can be monitored by the GCS or companion computer via the `RC_CHANNELS <https://mavlink.io/en/messages/common.html#RC_CHANNELS>`__ message

RC_CHANNELS_OVERRIDE
--------------------

The `RC_CHANNELS_OVERRIDE <https://mavlink.io/en/messages/common.html#RC_CHANNELS_OVERRIDE>`__ message allows setting the PWM equivalent value for each channel.
This is normally a value between 1000 and 2000 but ArduPilot's RC input library uses the RCx_MIN, RCx_MAX and RCx_TRIM parameters to scale the input.  Note though that these parameters are normally set by the user during the RC Calibration stage.
If both a regular transmitter (e.g. Futaba, Spektrum, etc) which sends actualy PWM values and a MAVLink enabled RC input system (sending messages via one of the message listed on this page) then care should be taken to ensure the RCx_MIN/MAX ranges are consistent between the two systems

> Becareful of inadvertantly changing the flight mode.  By default either channel 5 or channel 8 (depending upon the vehicle type) is used to set the flight mode but this can be disabled by setting :ref:`FLTMODE_CH <copter:FLTMODE_CH>` or :ref:`MODE_CH <rover:MODE_CH>` to 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be careful not to change the flight mode inadvertently.  By default, either channel 5 or channel 8 (depending upon the vehicle type) is used to set the flight mode but this can be disabled by setting :ref:`FLTMODE_CH <copter:FLTMODE_CH>` or :ref:`MODE_CH <rover:MODE_CH>` to 0
```

Reviewer: I think override timeout should be mentioned in this section.....not just at the very end

Author: ok added
